[ Saul ]
Previously on Homeland.
Suicide bomber almost blew up
Vice President Walden.
- He made a tape.
- My name is Nicholas Brody.
People will say that I was
turned into a terrorist.
- I was right.
- You were right.
So you wanna follow Brody?
Surveillance equipment,
a few good men.
And Carrie.
But I’m sending you
a guy.
Peter Quinn.
Brody has a meeting
this morning at the C.I.A.
We want to throw him
a jolt, which is you.
- Are you back here?
- Yeah, in a way.
Carrie Mathison
was at the C.I.A.
[ Roya ]
Renew the relationship.
You still have your twisted
theories about me, don’t you?
Not theories anymore.
- Get down! Get down now!
- Down!
Here’s what you’re facing:
a trial– with all
the attendant publicity–
followed by
a long prison sentence.
Or... you help us,
and all that goes away.
Immunity?
What’s wrong?
Saul, what I need...
is to make my life
not just about you.
Take the new job.
I can come with you.
I want to go alone.
I need to go alone.
For how long?
I don’t know.
[ Carrie ]
Abu Nazir?
[ Brody ]
He’s here. He’s in America.
And he’s planning an attack.
I got him! I got him!
- [ Automatic Gunfire ]
- [ Dana ] Remember that day
that lady came? Carrie?
What she said
about a bomb and you
wanting to hurt people?
I don’t want to lie to you.
So you were gonna
do those things?
But I didn’t.
And I wouldn’t now.
[ Estes ]
It was Bill Walden who coined
the phrase "Fortress America"...
and in the process transformed
the very way we defend ourselves
here at home.
That’s weird.
Somebody moved my car.
Oh, fuck.
- I didn’t do this.
- It was in your car.
It wasn’t me.
We have to go.
Go where?
No one else will believe you.
[ Man ]
The whole disappearing act?
Passport, driver’s license?
[ Nelson ]
David Estes, also deceased.
You’re in charge.
My action this day is against
such domestic enemies.
People will say I was broken,
I was brainwashed.
The border’s
in a few miles.
You’re not comin’, are you?
I can’t now.
I solemnly swear
that my testimony today...
will be the truth,
the whole truth...
and nothing but the truth,
so help me God.
Would you state
your full name?
Carrie Anne Mathison.
And would counsel
identify herself?
Erin Kimball,
Mr. Chairman.
Ms. Mathison,
we’re holding this hearing
behind closed doors...
in order to avoid burning
former networks of yours
still active in the Middle East.
I appreciate that,
Mr. Chairman.
It’s been 58 days
since the attack on Langley,
in which 219 Americans
lost their lives.
Since then, this committee
has been trying to get
to the bottom of what happened.
We’ve heard from
dozens of witnesses,
some who go so far
as to accuse the C.I.A....
of covering up its own
negligence in the days and weeks
leading up to the attack.
If that’s the case,
Ms. Mathison, I can assure you,
the judgment
of this committee
will be harsh.
It’s beyond argument
that the Agency is now crippled,
its managerial ranks decimated
and its reputation in tatters.
The question
before us is plain:
How can the C.I.A. be expected
to protect this country...
if it can’t even
protect itself?
You’ll be questioned
by majority counsel,
then minority counsel,
then each member will have
15 minutes to question you.
Mr. Portillo.
Ms. Mathison,
I’m David Portillo,
majority counsel.
- Good morning.
How long have you worked
at the C.I.A.?
A little over 14 years.
And in what capacity?
I’m a case officer in the
National Clandestine Service.
There was a break in your
employment last year.
What happened?
I was fired,
Mr. Portillo.
For what reason?
Conducting an unauthorized
surveillance operation...
and taking home
classified documents.
But that wasn’t
the end of your tenure
at the C.I.A., was it?
No.
In fact, you were
reinstated...
and most recently asked
to join an off-book
task force.
- Yes.
- Whose primary mission
was what?
To expose
Abu Nazir’s network
here in America.
And why were you asked
to join this task force,
do you think?
I was the Agency’s
point person on Nazir.
The point person–
What does that mean exactly?
It was my responsibility
to try to track
his whereabouts...
and anticipate
his next move.
Anticipate his next move?
You mean, stop an attack?
If you’re asking
did he outsmart me–
Yes, he did.
If you’re asking
will I ever forgive myself–
No, I won’t.
What time is it
scheduled to start?
Ten minutes ago.
I should be there myself,
sitting right beside her.
No, you shouldn’t.
For moral support.
It would’ve sent
the wrong message.
Fucking Lockhart.
He’s had a hard-on for us
ever since Abu Ghraib.
He’ll go
right after her.
Yeah, he will.
What if she
can’t handle it?
She can.
But what if she can’t?
Either way.
What’s that
supposed to mean?
Only that her history
of insubordination
and mental illness...
might be more useful to us
than a good performance in front
of the select committee.
Hey.
I won’t do that.
I won’t throw Carrie
under the bus.
Then just jump up and down
on her really hard.
I’m serious.
So am I.
What do you see out there
every morning
when you come into work?
That’s right.
Not a crane, not a jackhammer,
not a hard hat in sight.
Just one ugly-ass
hole in the ground.
I was up on the Hill yesterday,
and there’s funding for us
in the appropriations bill–
Bullshit. They started
repairs on the Pentagon
the day after 9/11.
[ Sighs ]
So we’re bein’ punished.
Maybe we deserve it.
Punished?
Saul, they want to put us
out of business.
[ Man ]
Sir?
What is it?
Just got word
from Peter Quinn.
Last piece of the puzzle.
Caracas is a go.
Set up a briefing.
Inform the White House.
Yes, sir.
[ Portillo ] And the red light
is on, so I’ll yield the floor
back to Chairman Lockhart.
Ms. Mathison,
I’d like to use the time
before our first break...
to get some clarification
on what the Agency knew...
about Congressman Brody
and when?
Okay with you?
Sure.
When did you
first meet him?
After his rescue
in Afghanistan.
I was part of the team
that debriefed him
at Langley.
I’ve read those transcripts,
and it seems to me...
you were the one
who was pressing the issue.
Which issue is that?
That he’d been turned
in captivity.
I was just doing my job, sir.
I was covering the bases.
One moment.
[ Whispering ]
Mr. Portillo, would you mark
as D.O.J. Exhibit 2...
a memorandum offering
the congressman immunity...
in exchange for his help
in capturing or killing
Abu Nazir?
I show you D.O.J.
Exhibit 2.
Ms. Mathison, to your
knowledge, did the C.I.A.
have such a deal with Brody?
Uh, n-no, sir,
not to my knowledge.
How do you explain
this document then?
I can’t, sir.
Well, assuming he did
have immunity,
can you at least tell us
immunity from what?
I have no idea.
Well, it wasn’t
overdue parking tickets.
This is a Department of Justice
memorandum signed by
the attorney general himself.
- I can see that.
- A victim of the very same
attack we’re investigating.
I can’t ask him,
so I’m asking you.
At what point did the Agency
know Brody was a bad guy?
- [ Kimball ]
Let me handle this.
- Ms. Mathison–
Mr. Chairman, a worldwide
manhunt is under way
for the congressman.
Yeah, I think
I’m aware of that, counsel.
As a condition of appearing
here today, you promised
not to compel my client...
to give testimony
which might compromise
that effort.
I’m not asking her
to compromise a damn thing.
I’m asking her
just how cozy the C.I.A. was...
with a traitor who went on
to kill 219 Americans.
What if I told you
I don’t think he did it?
- Carrie–
- Did what?
Kill all those people.
I don’t think Brody knew
the bomb was in his car.
[ Whispered Chattering ]
Mr. Chairman, my client
would be the first...
to tell you that hers
is a minority view.
[ Lockhart ]
A minority view?
What’s she gonna say next,
that we never landed
on the moon?
I really think we’re
overdue for that break.
No, I’m curious.
I believe it’s our prerogative–
Just what is it
you’re smoking, Ms. Mathison?
Okay. We’ll take
a 15-minute break.
A word,
Mr. Chairman?
So?
[ Sighs ]
I told him you
weren’t feeling well...
and asked for
a recess until after
the holiday weekend.
- What did he say?
- He gave us
until tomorrow morning.
What the hell were you
thinking in there?
I was thinking
I just committed perjury
in front of Congress.
Carrie,
we talked about this–
the suicide vest.
It’s the one thing
the committee can never know.
It would bury the Agency.
And please,
you have to stop
making the case
for Brody in public.
Well, he’s innocent.
Nobody wants to hear it,
and it undermines
your credibility.
I need some air.
[ Sighs ]
I had it in my hands.
The actual memorandum?
Somebody leaked it
to the committee, Saul.
Okay, Carrie.
I’ll get
to the bottom of it.
Calm down.
Don’t tell me to calm down.
I feel like I walked
into a propeller.
- Well, you got out alive.
- Yeah, barely.
There’s about a thousand
people in this building
standing with you right now.
- Find the leak.
- I will. You okay otherwise?
You must be kidding.
[ Scoffs ]
[ Woman ]
So today we’re gonna talk
about reentry.
As you all know,
this is Dana’s last day.
I’d like to invite her to share
her thoughts on going home
and what that’s gonna look like.
Then afterwards, feel free
to contribute any constructive
ideas of your own.
I don’t know.
Uh, I guess
that I will try...
to remember the things
that we talked about–
the tools
that I learned here.
- Not to mention
the tools you met here.
- [ Laughter ]
[ Woman ]
What coping mechanisms
come to mind?
Um–
"One day at a time"
and all that.
And meditation.
Scheduling.
Asking for help.
We talked about
really slowing things down
so they’re not so overwhelming.
Right. Making lists.
I wrote that down somewhere.
[ Chuckles ]
Okay, who else wants to share?
Dana has made great progress
over the last month.
Her eating and sleeping
patterns are normal.
She participates in group.
She’s doing well.
You mean for someone
who got in a bathtub
and slit her wrists?
Yes, that’s what I mean.
What can I expect?
Um, how closely do I
have to watch her?
This isn’t
just a Dana problem.
I recommend
regular counseling
for the whole family...
in addition to her
follow-up treatment here.
We don’t have any insurance,
or any source of income.
My mother had to
reverse-mortgage her house
just to pay for this.
There are
county programs.
I can give you a name
at the Department of
Children and Families.
What is that?
A grad student?
A volunteer?
Mrs. Brody, I’m worried
that you’re losing focus
of the real issue.
There’s a real issue
other than my daughter
tried to kill herself?
Yes.
That you missed it.
Dana’s gesture is the kind
that we don’t often see–
clear-eyed, determined,
no substances
distorting her judgment.
She meant business.
She was under a ridiculous
amount of stress.
We’ve had death threats,
bricks through our window.
I had to pull her out of school.
We’re not even welcome
in our church anymore.
I understand.
And that stress will still
be there when she goes home.
You have to address it
head-on. You can’t afford
to be in denial.
Let me get you
that information.
[ Door Closes ]
When can I see you again?
I don’t know.
I’m gonna be under
complete surveillance.
Your mom?
No, the F.B.I.
Oh. Right.
Shit’s for real.
Dana!
Your mom’s here.
Got it.
Hey. Call me.
How?
How did you–
Shh.
[ Sighs ]
God.
[ Man ]
There she is!
Go, go, go!
[ Woman ]
Mrs. Brody?
Come on.
Mrs. Brody, why was
your daughter in the hospital?
Does she have a drug problem?
Isn’t it true she tried
to commit suicide?
- Did you try to kill yourself
because of your father?
- Where is he now?
[ Woman ]
Do you know where he is?
How are you feeling?
How has that tape
affected you, Mrs. Brody?
[ Reporters Shouting Questions ]
[ Engine Starts ]
Keep your seats.
Afternoon, Mr. Director.
What do we got?
- A window.
- How big a window?
Twenty minutes,
starting tomorrow,
1950 Eastern Standard Time.
Twenty minutes is narrow.
Twenty minutes
is what we’ve got.
All six targets are vulnerable
in that time frame?
- Yes, sir.
- What’s your assessment?
There’s a lot
of moving parts,
but I don’t think we’re likely
to get an opportunity like this
again anytime soon.
So the plan is to take
them all out at once?
That way we get everybody
before they get a chance
to warn each other.
And Brody? I’m assuming
he’s not on the kill list.
We don’t know
where he is, Admiral.
Is it worth waiting
until we do?
Brody already
knows we’re after him.
The other six don’t.
The president wants closure
for the American people, Saul.
As his representative here,
I’m telling you Brody’s
the poster boy for this attack.
No one wants to find him
more than we do.
And what about
this Iranian we’ve been
hearing so much about,
the mastermind
of the operation?
Is he also
beyond our reach?
For the time being.
- Scott?
- His name is Majid Javadi.
He’s a commander
with the Islamic
Revolutionary Guard Corps...
and deputy minister
of its intelligence directorate.
He hasn’t been seen
in public since 1994,
when Mossad identified him
as the man behind the bombing...
at the Jewish community center
in Buenos Aires,
which killed 85 people.
And he’s also directly tied
to the Mykonos assassinations...
and the attacks on the
Khobar Towers in Saudi Arabia.
By coincidence, the director
had some dealings with him
in Tehran in the late ’70s.
Back then, he worked for SAVAK.
We knew him as "The Magician."
- The Magician?
- He liked to make people
disappear.
So he was the shah’s man
before he was the ayatollah’s?
Yep. Go ahead.
The other six
make up the network
he put together...
to plan and carry out
the attacks on Langley.
This is fast work, Saul.
Impressive.
Thank you, Admiral.
So, do we have
a green light?
Do I get the president
to sign off?
Are we decided?
We’re still deciding.
You did us
no favors in there.
Meaning what?
Meaning we can’t be seen
hand-wringing in front of
the national security adviser.
We’re just trying to make
the correct call here.
Then make it.
I will.
You brought every Agency
resource to bear...
on identifying
and locating these guys.
What was that for
if not this?
The admiral’s right.
Javadi’s the guy
we should be chasing.
[ Scoffs ]
Nobody– not even the Israelis
know where he is.
Our own analysts
believe he died
in the 2005 purges.
He’s not dead.
You know what I think?
I think you’re scared.
[ Laughs ]
Six separate ops conducted
on three different continents,
an untested command-and-control
team and a short clock.
- You heard about Carrie today?
- Yeah, I did.
She’s blowing it.
She got ambushed.
It’s a distinction
without a difference.
Somebody’s leaking documents
to the committee.
Who?
No idea.
Well, what we need right now
is a big honking win
to take the pressure off.
Yeah. A win would be nice.
Another fuck-up
would be fatal.
[ Door Opens, Closes ]
Hey, Dad.
Hey.
What’s this?
All the places Brody
may or may not have been
in the last two months.
You mean reported
sightings of him?
Yeah. The more
reliable ones anyway.
You’re off your lithium,
aren’t you?
Have been
for, oh, some time.
No!
All right, I am.
But it’s all good.
- I feel good.
- Really?
Yeah. I’m medicating
myself in other ways–
exercise, meditation.
Tequila?
I saw the empties
in your recycle.
I’m following a program, Dad.
A doctor-supervised program.
Oh, yeah? Where’d you
find this doctor?
I read about him,
for your information,
in the Journal of
Alternative Medicine.
And he opposes the use of drugs
for psychiatric illness why?
He doesn’t oppose them per se.
He just believes
in self-reliance more.
Oh, great! Well,
you let him come get you...
when you’re strapped down
on a gurney,
screaming bloody murder.
Look. I’m running
six miles a day.
I’m sleeping eight hours.
It’s working.
You think it is.
219 people
died at the C.I.A.
I understand.
Believe me–
No, Dad, you don’t.
I let it happen.
No.
Yeah, I did.
I wasn’t myself, Dad.
I-I was only half there.
Sweetheart, those people
didn’t die because
you were taking your meds.
It was right
in front of my eyes,
and I never
saw it coming.
I see the babysitters
are still here.
Just ignore them.
Ignore them
more than that.
There she is.
There’s our girl.
Hi, Grandma.
Oh, you look so pretty.
And so skinny. Did they
feed you in there?
Mom!
They did, but it was awful.
I’ve been looking forward
to your–
Chicken Divan.
I’m gonna make it
tomorrow night.
Great.
- Hey, dingus.
- You are.
- Holding down the fort?
- Absolutely.
Fort’s still intact.
Well, I’ve got
some homework.
Oh, but you just got back.
I thought we’d
go out and celebrate.
Tell that to Beowulf,
Grandma.
[ Chuckles ]
I don’t know
who that is.
[ Chuckling ]
You had the bathroom redone?
It looks nice.
"Dear Shiva the Destroyer."
[ Paper Crumpling ]
[ Shutter Clicks ]
[ Phone Swishes ]
[ Saul ]
I didn’t want the job.
I never asked
for the job.
I’m not temperamentally
suited to it.
Who are you
trying to convince?
You.
Me.
I don’t know.
I hate seeing you
like this.
[ Sighs ]
They could really do that?
Dissolve the C.I.A.?
Revoke our charter.
Yeah.
Congress has that power.
Then again,
some good old-fashioned
American justice–
Would go a long way
to restoring your credibility.
A long way.
So what’s
the downside?
So far, the operation
sounds like a win-win.
We’re not assassins, Mira.
We’re spies.
We don’t kill our targets
if we don’t have to.
We trawl for them,
we develop them,
and then we redirect them
against more important
targets.
So do that.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Sighs ]
Let’s go upstairs.
- You need some sleep.
- Okay.
Here. Let me.
You want some advice?
You’re not gonna like it.
It’s been two months since
I’ve been back from Mumbai.
So?
So, in two months,
have we had
one real conversation
about what we’re doing?
Yeah, we did.
We agreed to take it
a day at a time,
see how it goes.
We’re still sleeping
in separate bedrooms.
I thought that’s
what you wanted.
The point is, what do you want?
You do everything you can
to avoid making a decision.
I’m just waiting
for the right answer
to present itself.
Well, it’s paralyzing you.
Apparently.
Good night, Saul.
Good night.
This is how Saul
wants to play it?
It’s how we both think
it should be played.
Well, he should have
asked me himself.
[ Chattering ]
You’re late.
[ Kimball ]
My apologies,
Mr. Chairman.
You realize you’re
still under oath?
Counsel has informed me...
that you’re retracting some of
the comments you made yesterday.
Let the record reflect
that the witness
has nodded her head...
so as to indicate
an affirmative response.
So ordered.
Too bad, Ms. Mathison.
You certainly woke us all up.
What we’ll do instead
is clear up some confusion...
as to your whereabouts in
the aftermath of the explosion.
There are roughly 14 hours
you haven’t accounted for.
She has accounted for them,
Mr. Chairman, in her written
statement to this committee.
Not to our satisfaction,
she hasn’t.
Where were you
when the bomb went off?
Let’s start there.
My client stands by her
written statement, sir.
- That she was
in the ladies’ room?
- Yes.
Where she was knocked
unconscious by the blast...
and remained there for
the rest of the night?
Yes.
For 14 hours?
When she came to,
it took her a while
to get her bearings...
and to make herself
known to first responders.
Well, we have testimony
which directly contradicts
that statement.
What testimony
is this?
People saw her
leaving the auditorium
with the congressman.
What people are these,
and why wasn’t I made aware
of it during discovery?
Because this isn’t a trial.
We’re on a fact-finding
mission here.
Well, it’s starting to feel
more like a witch hunt,
Mr. Chairman.
Counsel, why is it
you’re doing all the talking,
and your client is sitting there
silent as a sphinx?
Mr. Chairman,
members of the committee,
Ms. Mathison is going
to assert her constitutional
privilege at this time...
not to be a witness
against herself.
Is that right,
Ms. Mathison?
Yes, sir.
I thought so.
You’re aware
of what this means?
Fully aware.
Truth is, I don’t buy it.
I don’t buy half of what
you and your colleagues
are selling.
You’re hiding something,
Ms. Mathison, and when we
find out what it is,
we’re gonna put the whole
lot of you in jail.
For now, all I can do
is hold you in contempt
of Congress.
But make no mistake.
You are doing and have done...
great harm
to your country.
Which you will pay for one day,
I promise you.
Could be the last order
we ever give.
Yeah.
Take ’em.
Take ’em all.
CARACAS, VENEZUELA
Thank you.
[ Engine Starts ]
♪♪ [ Latin Pop ]
[ Horns Honking ]
[ Honking Continues ]
[ Indistinct Chattering ]
That was Central Command.
JSTARS are tracking.
And we should have an image
from Global Hawk 1
up on the monitor when, Sandy?
[ Sandy ]
Any second now. There.
What are we
looking at, folks?
Yemen, sir.
The Eastern Desert. Hold on.
We’re seven miles up.
Let’s move in.
Yemeni intelligence
put Sherif Meshad in that car...
traveling to
an A.Q. training camp.
Global Hawk 1
is spinning up his Hellfires.
Wants a countdown to weapons.
Tell him to stand by.
Stand by, G.H.-1.
Here comes Global Hawk 3.
Downtown Gaza City.
I believe it’s the compound
just to the right
of the crosshairs.
Verifying coordinates now.
How come we haven’t heard
from Caracas yet?
Gene, see if you can get Red 5.
We should have had our first
reporting by now.
- On it.
- G.H.-3 has target acquisition.
Copy that.
Stand by, G.H.-3.
G.H.-3, stand by.
Ground kill teams
are also in position, sir,
and Tel Aviv is asking
for final confirmation.
Red 5, I have Wizard.
I had to abort.
There was a kid in the car.
Where are you?
At the residence.
Place is a fucking fortress.
Wall, security. I’m looking
at two lookouts right now.
What are the odds
of you getting inside?
Do you have
any satellite support?
Not in this time frame.
Mission clock
is 14 minutes, 42 seconds.
What do you want me to do?
Hold on, Red 5.
We either send him in
or stand down the operation.
Why, Saul?
Five out of six ain’t bad.
That wasn’t the plan.
It’s all six or nothing.
The banker has to be
part of the body count.
Sir, that might not be possible.
Otherwise he will disappear
into the woodpile.
Tell Quinn he has 10 minutes.
If he can’t get it done,
we scrub the entire mission.
Sir–
You heard me, Scott.
Red 5, you are clear to engage.
But we need you to bail back
within 10 minutes or less.
- Do you copy?
- Copy that.
Gene, Sandy. Everybody else
is standing by.
- Yes, sir.
- Mission clock, 13:46
and counting.
[ Beeping ]
[ Men Shouting In Spanish ]
[ Metal Clatters ]
[ Scott ]
Ten minutes is up, sir.
Sir, we’re cutting it
awfully close.
Give him
another 30 seconds.
I’m getting something
on the uplink. It’s a JPEG.
Put it up on monitor 3.
[ Adal ]
Who is that? Cedeño?
Hang on.
There’s an encrypted
message attached.
Decrypting now.
"Tin Man is down."
Engage our birds
and ground teams.
Counting five additional
targets. We have two minutes.
All clear to engage.
I repeat,
all clear to engage.
- Glinda’s down.
- Confirm kill, Scarecrow.
Glinda and Scarecrow
are down.
- Here comes Tel Aviv.
- Toto’s down.
Toto is down.
Here comes Bravo.
- Confirming Dorothy’s down.
- Dorothy’s down.
- Alpha team?
- Cowardly Lion is down.
Cowardly Lion is down.
[ Scott ]
Yes! Yes!
That’s how we do it, people.
[ All Cheering ]
Excellent job.
Well done.
Nice going.
Thanks.
Thanks, everybody.
I need an accurate report.
You buying in bulk, I see.
Cheaper at Costco.
Just not as convenient.
And there you have it,
the modern dilemma.
This is delicious,
Grandma.
Mom, how was your
job interview?
Fine, I guess.
You had a job interview?
A couple this week.
Dusting off
the accounting degree...
and having a lot of meetings
with 22-year-olds.
When was the last time
you worked in an office?
Before you were born.
The landscape has changed.
I don’t know why you
want to do this right now.
I think
it’s pretty cool.
[ Dana ]
Me too.
But right now?
I mean, you have
enough to worry about.
Yeah, including the fact
that we need some money
coming in.
The government
can’t just cut you off.
All the years you devoted
to being a military wife–
[ Dana ]
Well, once the government
determines you’re a traitor,
it kind of puts an end
to government benefits.
You could take legal action.
Against the Marine Corps?
Yes. It happens.
And you have a very good case.
Jess, you should at least
consult an attorney.
Mom, I don’t want
to talk about it.
Wasn’t that his whole argument
for enlisting?
He could take care
of his family that way.
You thought he was
gonna teach school.
He was only supposed to
be in the Marine Corps
for two years.
Then 9/11 happened.
Nobody saw that coming.
My point is, he never consulted
you about anything. He always
did exactly what he wanted.
Okay, Mom,
that’s enough.
[ Sighs ]
Well, what can
I talk about?
Hey, guys, what
did the optimist say as he
was jumping off a building?
So far so good.
[ Laughing ]
[ Laughs ]
[ Grunting, Moaning ]
[ Phone Ringing ]
- Hello?
- Have you seen the paper yet?
No.
You want me
to read it to you?
Hold on.
I’m not awake yet.
Okay, go ahead.
[ Clears Throat ]
All right, the headline is:
"C.I.A. Officer Linked
to Langley Bomber."
"A C.I.A. case officer
may have had
a sexual relationship...
with Congressman Nicholas Brody
in the days and weeks...
leading up to the attack
on Langley, according
to anonymous sources.
Because the officer still has
active agents in the field,
her identity
is being withheld."
[ Adal ]
We are pragmatists.
We adapt.
We are not keepers
of some sacred flame.
Doesn’t have to be sacred.
Just so long as we keep it lit.
Well, we did that...
and some.
An eye for a fucking eye.
Quinn saved our asses
though, didn’t he?
Oh, yeah.
- I assume you’ve seen this.
- [ Saul ] Carrie–
Of course you have.
We all know how we hate things
getting into the press,
unless, of course,
we put them there ourselves.
That’s not what’s
happening here.
You don’t think I know
what you’re doing? I know
exactly what you are doing.
You’re wrong.
Am I?
Why don’t we ask him,
your little lapdog?
Except he’s trained to kill.
Breathe, Carrie.
You’re making a bad mistake.
Was that a threat?
Is that supposed to
intimidate my ass?
Come on, sit down.
Have some tiramisu.
We’ll talk about this.
There’s nothing
to talk about.
We’ll contain this.
Contain it?
You are containing it!
Take your fucking hands off me!
Take her home and sit on her
till she calms down.
Brody was your operation,
Saul! Remember that!
You proposed it!
You sanctioned it!
You ran it!
Come on.
No, fuck you!
Fuck all of you!
She’s right, you know.
Classic counterintelligence.
I told you, I didn’t
plant that story.
Well, it’s straight
from your playbook.
I’m not saying it wasn’t smart.
Especially if things had gone
south yesterday, as insurance.
It wasn’t me, Saul.
♪♪ [ Ethereal Pop ]
[ Cell Phone Chimes ]
[ Jessica ]
I know you’re trying to help,
but I feel like you
have to find a way to be
more relaxed around her.
We all do.
[ Grandma ]
I feel like
I’m doing that.
[ Jessica ]
You aren’t.
Uh, if you ask me,
you’re the one...
who’s making too much
of this whole thing.
Too much? Of my
daughter’s suicide?
She didn’t
commit suicide.
[ Jessica ]
She tried to. Very hard.
Even the doctor said so.
Well, of course he did.
He’s the doctor.
He’s worried
about being sued.
I know about teenage girls.
I raised one.
My God, Jessie,
you talked about killing
yourself once a week.
I talked about it,
but I never tried it.
And I’m saying, she didn’t
really mean to either.
It was a cry for attention.
If she really meant to kill
herself, she’d be dead.
[ Lockhart ] I hereby call
this meeting of the Senate
Intelligence Committee to order.
Mr. Berenson,
in accordance with
the practice of the committee,
will you stand and be sworn?
Do you solemnly swear
that the testimony you will
give in this proceeding...
will be the truth,
the whole truth...
and nothing but the truth,
so help you God?
I do.
I understand you have
a statement you would
like to read at this time.
[ Saul ]
A short one, Mr. Chairman.
Very well. Please proceed.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman,
distinguished senators,
exactly two months ago,
in the worst attack
on this nation since 9/11,
the men and women of the C.I.A.
suffered a terrible blow.
Yesterday, we took
a decisive step in bringing
those responsible to justice.
As the president announced
from the Oval Office
this morning,
American air and ground forces
in a series of six
coordinated strikes...
on three separate continents...
eliminated the top tier
of the terrorist network...
which perpetrated
the bombing at Langley.
It was a textbook operation,
Mr. Chairman,
meticulously planned,
flawlessly executed.
I want to congratulate
all those involved.
As a result of their efforts,
there’s a little less evil
in the world today.
Thank you, Mr. Berenson.
I’m sure we’re all
grateful to you...
and to our brave men
and women in uniform.
Thank you,
Mr. Chairman.
These were civilians
who were killed.
Am I correct?
The legal term
is "enemy combatant."
The point is,
they weren’t the people who
actually ordered the attack,
not to take anything away
from the success of the mission.
Of course not.
The point is, you went after
the easier targets.
None of these targets
proved easy, Senator,
I can assure you.
Well, then, I guess
I question your timing,
Mr. Berenson.
My timing?
Coming as it does...
when the American people
have lost faith in your
ability to get things right.
Frankly, it feels
convenient.
And this committee
will not be distracted...
from fulfilling
its purpose.
Which is what exactly?
Apart from pointing fingers
and assigning blame.
Perhaps you’d care
to comment...
on the article
in yesterday’s paper.
I don’t comment
on unsubstantiated reports
in the press.
But if the information
is correct,
the Agency brought the bombing
at Langley down on its own head.
The information is flawed.
I remind you, Mr. Berenson,
that you are under oath.
The information
is flawed.
Flawed in what way?
Mr. Berenson?
It wasn’t entirely
an Agency matter.
What do you mean?
The case officer in question...
has a history
of erratic behavior.
She’s unstable.
[ Lockhart ]
Unstable? How?
She’s been diagnosed
as bipolar,
a condition she concealed
from her superiors
for more than 10 years.
What else did she conceal
from you, Mr. Berenson?
Did she conceal from you...
the fact that she was sleeping
with Congressman Brody?
It was on my watch, Senator.
Whatever happens on my watch,
I take full responsibility for.
Answer the question, please.
Did she conceal from you...
the fact that she was sleeping
with Congressman Brody?
I’m afraid she did, yes.
God– God.
[ Crickets Chirping ]
[ Splash ]
[ Keys Clack, Bell Dings ]